README.md, before:

# AwesomeAnimation/ParallaxLogin

Simple butter-smooth animations created using **_React-Native_** for demonstrating the capabilities of the **_Animated API_** of react native.
It is bootstrapped with [Create React Native App](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app).

## Demo

|       Page Switch Animation                |       SubmitButton Animation               |       Shattering Image Animation             |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|![Preview](screenshot/PageSwitchAnim.gif)   |![Preview](screenshot/SubmitButtonAnim.gif) |![Preview](screenshot/ShatteringImageAnim.gif)|

## Demo on Expo

# Scan with Expo

Scanning this QR code with your Expo mobile app loads this experience immediately.

![ExpoLink](screenshot/download.png)

OR

# Type the Address

Typing 

>exp://exp.host/@shubham56/awesomeanimation

inside of Expo will also open this experience.

# Need Expo?

With Expo you can build, share and enjoy many mobile experiences. Download the app to try AwesomeAnimation today.
For links to install the Expo app, please visit https://expo.io.

## Dependencies

 * React Native
 * React Navigation
 * NativeBase
 * Expo

## Getting Started 

**1. Clone the Repo**
On the command prompt/shell run the following commands

>$ git clone https://github.com/shubham56/TripleAnimationDemo.git

>$ cd TripleAnimationDemo

>$ npm install

**2. To start the demo on expo app**

Run the following command

>$ npm start

**To run on iOS simulator/device**

Run the following command

>$ npm run ios

**To run on android emulator/device**

Run the following command

>$ npm run android

**3. How to use**

### #1 Page Switch Animation

>import PageSwitchBackGroundAnims from "./Animations3T/main/PageSwitchBackGroundAnims";

**PROPS**

| Name               | Type            | Default                                                            | Note                             |
|--------------------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| containerStyle     | style object    | null                                                               | none                             |
| backgroundImage    | uri             | null                                                               | none                             |
| logo               | uri             | null                                                               | none                             |
| logoStyle          | style object    | null                                                               | none                             |
| lgDecorColorArray  | Array<Array(2)> | [["rgba(255,165,0,1)", "rgba(50,205,50,1)"],"#ff0000", "#7d18f2"]] | refer note                       |
| switchButtonColor1 | color(string)   | "rgba(255,0,0,0.5)"                                                | none                             |
| switchButtonColor2 | color(string)   | "rgba(125, 24, 242, 0.5)"                                          | none                             |
| smDecorColor       | color(string)   | "rgba(200, 200, 200, 0.5)"                                         | none                             |
| dimensionsSmDecor  | Integer         | 50                                                                 | none                             |
| dimensionsLgDecor  | Integer         | 450                                                                | none                             |
| noOfDecors         | Integer         | 6                                                                  | none                             |
| page1SwitchText    | string          | "page2"                                                            | Text on switch button for page 2 |
| page2SwitchText    | string          | "page1"                                                            | Text on switch button for page 1 |
| page1              | React Component | null                                                               | Content Page1                    |
| page2              | React Component | null                                                               | Content Page2                    |

> note: Array of size 2 where in each 0th index is the color of corresponding Large Decor on 1st page and 1th index is the color of corresponding Large Decor on 2st page
```javascript
 <PageSwitchBackGroundAnims
        containerStyle={{ backgroundColor: "#000" }}
        backgroundImage={require("../../Assets/background-image.png")}
        logo={require("../../Assets/logo.png")}
        logoStyle={{ marginBottom: 30 }}
        lgDecorColorArray={[
          ["rgba(255,165,0,1)", "rgba(50,205,50,1)"],
          ["#ff0000", "#7d18f2"]
        ]}
        switchButtonColor1="rgba(255,0,0,0.5)"
        switchButtonColor2="rgba(125, 24, 242, 0.5)"
        smDecorColor="#ccc"
        dimensionsSmDecor={50}
        dimensionsLgDecor={450}
        noOfDecors={6}
        page1SwitchText="Login"
        page2SwitchText="Register"
        page1={
          <LoginForm
            usernameChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            passwordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            onPressSubmit={this._buttonPress.bind(this)}
            color="rgba(255,165,0,1)"
          />
        }
        page2={
          <RegistrationForm
            usernameChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            passwordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            confirmPasswordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            emailChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            onPressSubmit={this._buttonPress.bind(this)}
            color="rgba(50,205,50,1)"
          />
        }
      />
```

### #2 SubmitButton Animation

>import SubmitButtonWithAnimation from "./Animations3T/main/SubmitButtonWithAnimation";

**PROPS**

| Name    | Type          | DefaultValue        | Notes              |
|---------|---------------|---------------------|--------------------|
| width   | Integer       | ScreenWidth-40      | Width of button    |
| height  | Integer       | 45                  | Height of button   |
| color   | color(string) | "rgba(243,9,152,1)" | Color of button    |
| onPress | func          | ()=>{}              | Button press event |
| text    | string        | "Button"            | Button text        |

```javascript

 <SubmitButtonWithAnimation
          width={width - 40}
          height={45}
          color={this.props.color}
          onPress={this.props.onPressSubmit}
          text="Login"
        />
```
        
### #3 Shattering Image Animation

>import ShatteringImage from "./Animations3T/main/ShattereringImage";

| Name                    | Type    | DefaultValue | Notes                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| noOfHorizontalFragments | Integer | 8            | No. of fragments in which the image splits horizontally |
| noOfVerticalFragments   | Integer | 4            | No. of fragments in which the image splits vertically   |
| image1                  | uri     | null         | REQUIRED & initial image displayed                      |
| image2                  | uri     | null         | REQUIRED & image displayed after animation complete     |

```javascript
 <ShatteringImage
              noOfHorizontalFragments={10}
              noOfVerticalFragments={10}
              image1={require("../../Assets/Geek.jpg")}
             
              image2={require("../../Assets/logo-icon-lg.png")}
            />
```
> note: The Animation will trigger on clicking the image 

## Credits

[NativeBase](https://nativebase.io/)

[ReactNative](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

[Expo](https://expo.io)

[ReactNavigation](https://reactnavigation.org/)

Commit message:

Readme and width height provided

README.md, after:

# AwesomeAnimation/ParallaxLogin

Simple butter-smooth animations created using **_React-Native_** for demonstrating the capabilities of the **_Animated API_** of react native.
It is bootstrapped with [Create React Native App](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app).

## Demo

|       Page Switch Animation                |       SubmitButton Animation               |       Shattering Image Animation             |
|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|![Preview](screenshot/PageSwitchAnim.gif)   |![Preview](screenshot/SubmitButtonAnim.gif) |![Preview](screenshot/ShatteringImageAnim.gif)|

## Demo on Expo

# Scan with Expo

Scanning this QR code with your Expo mobile app loads this experience immediately.

![ExpoLink](screenshot/download.png)

OR

# Type the Address

Typing 

>exp://exp.host/@shubham56/awesomeanimation

inside of Expo will also open this experience.

# Need Expo?

With Expo you can build, share and enjoy many mobile experiences. Download the app to try AwesomeAnimation today.
For links to install the Expo app, please visit https://expo.io.

## Dependencies

 * React Native
 * React Navigation
 * NativeBase
 * Expo

## Getting Started 

**1. Clone the Repo**
On the command prompt/shell run the following commands

>$ git clone https://github.com/shubham56/TripleAnimationDemo.git

>$ cd TripleAnimationDemo

>$ npm install

**2. To start the demo on expo app**

Run the following command

>$ npm start

**To run on iOS simulator/device**

Run the following command

>$ npm run ios

**To run on android emulator/device**

Run the following command

>$ npm run android

**3. How to use**

### #1 Page Switch Animation

>import PageSwitchBackGroundAnims from "./Animations3T/main/PageSwitchBackGroundAnims";

**PROPS**

| Name               | Type            | Default                                                            | Note                             |
|--------------------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| containerStyle     | style object    | null                                                               | none                             |
| backgroundImage    | uri             | null                                                               | none                             |
| logo               | uri             | null                                                               | none                             |
| logoStyle          | style object    | null                                                               | none                             |
| lgDecorColorArray  | Array<Array(2)> | [["rgba(255,165,0,1)", "rgba(50,205,50,1)"],"#ff0000", "#7d18f2"]] | refer note                       |
| switchButtonColor1 | color(string)   | "rgba(255,0,0,0.5)"                                                | none                             |
| switchButtonColor2 | color(string)   | "rgba(125, 24, 242, 0.5)"                                          | none                             |
| smDecorColor       | color(string)   | "rgba(200, 200, 200, 0.5)"                                         | none                             |
| dimensionsSmDecor  | Integer         | 50                                                                 | none                             |
| dimensionsLgDecor  | Integer         | 450                                                                | none                             |
| noOfDecors         | Integer         | 6                                                                  | none                             |
| page1SwitchText    | string          | "page2"                                                            | Text on switch button for page 2 |
| page2SwitchText    | string          | "page1"                                                            | Text on switch button for page 1 |
| page1              | React Component | null                                                               | Content Page1                    |
| page2              | React Component | null                                                               | Content Page2                    |

> note: Array of size 2 where in each 0th index is the color of corresponding Large Decor on 1st page and 1th index is the color of corresponding Large Decor on 2st page
```javascript
 <PageSwitchBackGroundAnims
        containerStyle={{ backgroundColor: "#000" }}
        backgroundImage={require("../../Assets/background-image.png")}
        logo={require("../../Assets/logo.png")}
        logoStyle={{ marginBottom: 30 }}
        lgDecorColorArray={[
          ["rgba(255,165,0,1)", "rgba(50,205,50,1)"],
          ["#ff0000", "#7d18f2"]
        ]}
        switchButtonColor1="rgba(255,0,0,0.5)"
        switchButtonColor2="rgba(125, 24, 242, 0.5)"
        smDecorColor="#ccc"
        dimensionsSmDecor={50}
        dimensionsLgDecor={450}
        noOfDecors={6}
        page1SwitchText="Login"
        page2SwitchText="Register"
        page1={
          <LoginForm
            usernameChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            passwordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            onPressSubmit={this._buttonPress.bind(this)}
            color="rgba(255,165,0,1)"
          />
        }
        page2={
          <RegistrationForm
            usernameChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            passwordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            confirmPasswordChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            emailChange={event => console.log(event.nativeEvent.text)}
            onPressSubmit={this._buttonPress.bind(this)}
            color="rgba(50,205,50,1)"
          />
        }
      />
```

### #2 SubmitButton Animation

>import SubmitButtonWithAnimation from "./Animations3T/main/SubmitButtonWithAnimation";

**PROPS**

| Name    | Type          | DefaultValue        | Notes              |
|---------|---------------|---------------------|--------------------|
| width   | Integer       | ScreenWidth-40      | Width of button    |
| height  | Integer       | 45                  | Height of button   |
| color   | color(string) | "rgba(243,9,152,1)" | Color of button    |
| onPress | func          | ()=>{}              | Button press event |
| text    | string        | "Button"            | Button text        |

```javascript

 <SubmitButtonWithAnimation
          width={width - 40}
          height={45}
          color={this.props.color}
          onPress={this.props.onPressSubmit}
          text="Login"
        />
```
        
### #3 Shattering Image Animation

>import ShatteringImage from "./Animations3T/main/ShattereringImage";

| Name                    | Type    | DefaultValue | Notes                                                   |
|-------------------------|---------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| noOfHorizontalFragments | Integer | 8            | No. of fragments in which the image splits horizontally |
| noOfVerticalFragments   | Integer | 4            | No. of fragments in which the image splits vertically   |
| image1                  | uri     | null         | REQUIRED & initial image displayed                      |
| image2                  | uri     | null         | REQUIRED & image displayed after animation complete     |
| width                   | Integer | 200          |   width of image                                         |
| height                  | Integer | 200          |   height of image                                        |

```javascript
 <ShatteringImage
              noOfHorizontalFragments={10}
              noOfVerticalFragments={10}
              image1={require("../../Assets/Geek.jpg")}
             
              image2={require("../../Assets/logo-icon-lg.png")}
            />
```
> note: The Animation will trigger on clicking the image 

## Credits

[NativeBase](https://nativebase.io/)

[ReactNative](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

[Expo](https://expo.io)

[ReactNavigation](https://reactnavigation.org/)
